refactored job tests update (#1)
sbliven/scicat-documentation: Development/v4.x/backend/testing/jobs.md

| 0380 | Add a Status update to a job as unauthenticated user for anonymous job in '#all' configuration | PATCH | /api/v3/Jobs/${encodedAllJobOwnedByAnonym} | unauthenticated | 200 | ```SuccessfulPatchStatusCode``` |
| 0390 | Add a Status update to a job as unauthenticated user for another group's job in '#all' configuration, which should fail as forbidden | PATCH | /api/v3/Jobs/${encodedAllJobOwnedByGroup1} | unauthenticated | 403 | ```AccessForbiddenStatusCode``` |
| 0400 | Adds a Status update to a job as unauthenticated user for another user's job in '#all' configuration, which should fail as forbidden | PATCH | /api/v3/Jobs/${encodedAllJobOwnedByUser1} | unauthenticated | 403 | ```AccessForbiddenStatusCode``` |
| 0410 | Adds a status update to a job as a user from ADMIN_GROUPS for his/her job in '#all' configuration with non-existing jobId, which should fail as bad request | PATCH | /api/v3/Jobs/${badJobId} | admin | 400 | ```BadRequestStatusCode``` |
| 0420 | Access jobs as a user from ADMIN_GROUPS | GET | /api/v3/Jobs | admin | 200 | ```SuccessfulGetStatusCode``` |

> | 1630 | Access jobs as a user from ADMIN_GROUPS that were created by admin | GET | /api/v3/Jobs?createdBy=admin | admin | 200 | ```SuccessfulGetStatusCode``` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 0430 | Access jobs as a user from ADMIN_GROUPS that were created by admin | GET | /api/v3/Jobs?createdBy=admin | admin | 200 | ```SuccessfulGetStatusCode``` |
```
